Add documentation for statistics tab section in developer tools (#28130)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/tools/dev-tools.markdown

    }
}
```

## Statistics

> A list of long-term statistic entities will be shown. Some may not be working and will show a **Fix Issue** link. Clicking on this will give a description of the issue and may give you an option to fix the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Statistics** tab shows a list of long-term statistic entities. If the long term statistics is not working for an entity, a **Fix Issue** link is shown. Select it to view a description of the issue. There might also be an option to fix the issue.
```

![Statistics issue message](/images/docs/developer-tools/statistics_issue.png)

> Another use of the {% my developer_statistics title="statistics developer tool" %} is to correct any rogue measurements. Click the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another use of the {% my developer_statistics title="statistics developer tool" %} is to correct any measurements. Select the
```
Select is usually the preferred term because it is not specific to [mouse interaction](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/click).

<svg width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M22,13V22H2V19L22,13M21.68,7.06L16.86,4.46L17.7,7.24L7.58,10.24C6.63,8.95 4.82,8.67 3.53,9.62C2.24,10.57 1.96,12.38 2.91,13.67C3.85,14.97 5.67,15.24 6.96,14.29C7.67,13.78 8.1,12.97 8.14,12.09L18.26,9.09L19.1,11.87L21.68,7.06Z" /></svg>

> icon. Use the date & time to search for the incorrect data point and adjust the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
icon. Use date & time to search for the incorrect data point and adjust the value.
```

> icon, next to the statistic you'd like to adjust search for the incorrect datapoint by date & time and adjust the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
icon. Use the date & time to search for the incorrect data point and adjust the value.
```
